
Sokołowska Katarzyna1
pon., 4 maj, 14:48 (12 dni temu)
do mnie

Lab: Excessive trust in client-side controls

 

buy a "Lightweight l33t leather jacket"

 

login  > dodaj kurtałe do koszyka
https history: > /cartchange > price 1300 > refresh page
 

 

Lab: High-level logic vulnerability

 

Przykładowo,:

quantiti

Mood encancer (albo coś za ok. 38dolców)  -34

Jacker 1

 

Lab: Inconsistent security controls

Email – empty

Sitemap: /admin

 

"Target" > "Site map" tab in Burp. Right-click on the lab domain and select "Engagement tools" > "Discover content" to open the content discovery tool.
Admin /401: Admin interface only available if logged in as a DontWannaCry user
REGISTRATION: Mail x@your-email-id.web-security-academy.net i przychodzi mail na skrzynke potwierdzający zalozenie konta
Loguje się na to konto i zmieniam maila na k@ DontWannaCry.com
 

Lab: Flawed enforcement of business rules

Log in and notice that there is a coupon code, NEWCUST5.
At the bottom of the page, sign up to the newsletter. You receive another coupon code, SIGNUP30.
 

Try applying the codes more than once. Notice that if you enter the same code twice in a row, it is rejected because the coupon has already been applied. However, if you alternate between the two codes, you can bypass this control.

 



 

 

 

Lab: Low-level logic flaw

 

Co znaczy „null” w tym kontekście?

W zależności od miejsca testu może to oznaczać:

pustą wartość (param=),
brak parametru,
null / None (logicznie, po stronie backendu),
pusty nagłówek,
brak body / brak jednego z expected fields.
Nie chodzi o string "null", tylko o brak sensownej wartości.

 

Bardzo często:

null → omija if‑y
null → trafia w nieobsłużony case
 

 

Login
Add kurtka to cart
/cart
Send to intruder: payload position: quantity>null payloads (payload options: continue indefitenely)
Send to intruder: payload position: quantity>null payloads (payload options: continue indefitenely) > payload configuration 323
Click Resource pool to open the Resource pool tab. Add the attack to a resource pool with the Maximum concurrent requests set to 1. Start the attack.
 
